--- 
layout: post
title: The end?
published: false
categories: [My Life]
---

It has been 4 months since I came back from Sweden. Things change a lot. Now I am working in Mozilla China, which obviously is great company. And thanks to my friends, Pine Du and Xiaolin Yan who provide me a room to stay and never ask me to pay the rent. I feel not that comfortable, but I really would like to live with people I know.

Things above are not I am talking about here. My girlfriend and I got together in college. Though there was some complex relations before we were couple, it did not stop us. Then we went to Sweden together. I have to say I began to love here more and more in these two years. Both happiness and upset make our life in Sweden. Indeed, we hurt each other some times. It is still great memory for me.

Things changed in the last half year. We applied for PhD in US. Unfortunately, I became the stupid boy. After I spent a lot of money in applying, there was no response from any college. Good for my girl friend, she got applied. Even she had to pay all tuition, she decided to go. Here I want to say, I really really do not think that a girl go to US alone is a good idea, besides she has to pay the tuition. Since her family supports her, BONG. Well, I believe now you know what happened. Yep, considering I don't want to pay for another degree, I do not think I can go US and be my girl friend's accompany.

This is life. Sometime it almost touches your figure, then it loses. What can I say. These days are quite tough for me. I have no idea what I want now. Spend all my money and drink everyday? I like drinking, but the reason I drink is not this. I did not learn a lot in Sweden. But one important lesson is you have to enjoy your life, with family or friends. I have been away from China for two years, so I will go to see some of my friends next. This is my first step. Let's see what will happen next.
